[OKTA-847065] Note to Postman Collections page (#5260)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/rest/index.md

Go to the Okta [Postman Collections](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/postman-collections/) reference to import the collection that you want to test.

> > **Note:** The Postman Collections reference is no longer kept up to date. For the latest version of the Postman collections, you can fork a collection from the [Okta Public API Collections](https://www.postman.com/okta-eng/workspace/okta-public-api-collections/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The Postman Collections reference is no longer maintained. For the latest version of the Postman collections, you can fork a collection from the [Okta Public API Collections](https://www.postman.com/okta-eng/workspace/okta-public-api-collections/overview).
```
